improve QUICKSTART.rst (#15022)
chapel-lang/chapel: doc/rst/usingchapel/QUICKSTART.rst

      # run the sample program
      ./hello

>    Note that these environment settings will be lost outside of this terminal session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Note that the environment settings from ``util/setchplenv.bash`` will not persist beyond this terminal session.
```

   You can choose to source ``setchplenv.bash`` whenever you want to use relevant commands.

>    If you want to automate this setup, refer to :ref:`chplenv.rst <readme-chplenv.recommended_settings>`

Reviewer 2: Doesn't this render "chplenv.rst" on the generated doc page? I think it should say "Setting up your Chapel Environment" or just "Chapel Environment" or something else.

Reviewer 2: Reading the rest of the doc I can see some other examples of this. Still I think we can do better than that while changing this paragraph here

Reviewer: Historically we have kept references to other parts of the documentation as filenames to better support users who are reading the documentation offline in a text editor (primary use-case being a user on an HPC system). 

I agree with your suggestions, but think we should take that discussion up in a separate issue/effort.

Reviewer 2: Yeah that makes sense.

>    Or if you want to automate this setup, refer to :ref:`chplenv.rst <readme-chplenv.recommended_settings>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you want to automate this setup, refer to :ref:`chplenv.rst <readme-chplenv.recommended_settings>`
```

>    for essential variables that should be exported in your dotfiles.

Reviewer 2: One might argue that the users who are not familiar with the fact that environment variables disappear when they close their terminal would be unfamiliar with the term "export" and maybe even "dotfiles", too.

I am not necessarily suggesting that we should explain what those are, but this statement here adds another potentially confusing statement for those users this PR intends to help.

Reviewer: @e-kayrakli - I agree. I don't know if we should try to explain these terms, but maybe we could just state that the commands from https://chapel-lang.org/docs/master/usingchapel/chplenv.html#recommended-settings can be copied into their `~/.bashrc` (or corresponding rc file for the shell they are using).

Reviewer 2: I like that idea.

Potentially we can link to some external page that explains how `.basrc` et al. are used in setting the environment, but probably that's out of scope of this document and I wouldn't necessarily advocate for that.

There'll always be some missing pieces if you are new to all this stuff and jumping into building Chapel directly without getting some background.

Reviewer: @e-kayrakli - how do you feel bout the following wording?

> If you want these environment settings to persist for future terminal sessions, copy the commands from :ref:`chplenv.rst <readme-chplenv.recommended_settings>` into your `~/.bashrc` file.

(it looks like this document assumes the user is using bash, which I'm fine with for now).

Reviewer 2: That sounds good to me.

Reviewer: @Rapiz1 - can you make the suggested change?

>    Also, you might use a :ref:`chplconfig <readme-chplenv.chplconfig>` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can also store Chapel configuration settings in a :ref:`chplconfig <readme-chplenv.chplconfig>` file instead of your ``~/.bashrc``.
```
